
Welcome back to Mostly Growth, the number one podcast in product monetization. And joining us today is Scott Woody, CEO of Metronome, the leading usagebased billing platform that's now part of Stripe. Your big topic for today is something that we're all passionate about, AI modernization.
I believe that this is a pretty existential question for AI. And the future of AI hinges on whether we can produce large profitable companies, which means monetizing all of the amount that we're spending on R&D. Not to put you too much on the spot, Scott, but who in your opinion is farthest along when it comes to figuring out AI pricing?
>> What I will say is that like the interesting thing about this question is that we will not know the answer for like a year or two or something like that. I think that's what makes this an interesting question which is like I'll give a prediction but then I will also like we won't know if we're true like right for a while. Um because this moment feels like everything is changing and there's a lot of like strategic considerations that have nothing to do with like the long-term viability of models. Who's moving fast in this exact moment and who is like uh who is going to meet this market moment and then is prepared to meet the next market moment that's going to come in three or six months. the people who are talking about it the most cogently publicly that I'm aware of. Um I think uh I would say Clay is really engaging hard in this problem like very obviously from the way that they're talking about like publicly they're like kind of treating it like a continuous variable problem. It's like what what is the right moment in this moment? What is the essentially the maturation curve of our industry and how do we meet that market moment? The other one that I've heard recently that I really appreciated is Lagora. Lora, you know, I think they're on like a pretty much a pure seat model, but they're hyper cognizant that like the value of their software is much more like what is the legal work that we can do on your behalf and therefore when the industry is ready, we are going to be ready with a more like outcome based or value aligned. They're on their tippy toes like ready to strike, but they're waiting for the market to mature. And I think that's exactly the right attitude that every founder needs to have, which is like where will this go based on first principles and then when is my market ready to break? And I think the right companies are the ones who are both like sitting on I know what my market will accept right now. I know where I think this is going and I'm going to be prepared when it's time, but I'm not going to try to force it too early. If you try to force it too early, you do all the work of moving the market. You get none of the value of it and then your competitors get to scoop up the actual outcomes. the large public companies like think Figma, they've been laying the groundwork for this stuff, but they also there's like a speed of light that these companies can move at that like the public markets like kind of constrain them on and um and I think they're doing the right preparatory work, but we'll see in the next 3 to six months how the market accepts their their new pricing.
>> Well, and Figma, we talked about this in the last podcast, but they announced they're finally going to enforce credit limits in a few weeks and uh investors responded quite favorably. Now, we'll have to see how customers respond.
>> It's interesting because even just the concept of customers in this moment is kind of weird to me where you invest a lot like in pricing, you spend all this time like building out like growth loops and like things for humans and then increasingly it's like very unclear to me who's going to be making the purchasing decisions. Like is it going to be a human or is it going to be a human mediated through an agent? Like how is that going to work? Do the current growth loops even persist in like 3 to 6 months? That's like a very live question for me that I'm like starting to have to wrestle with in my new job. And it's honestly very destabilizing cuz I'm like all my mental models from like learning in the SAS wars of the 2010s I'm like it's very unclear to me how much they hold in this new world.
>> Can you say more about that? What do you mean? Like is it the way that pricing is presented? So it's an easier onboarding ramp for an agent.
>> The advice you know good, better, best was like existed and like why does that pricing exist? There's a bunch of reasons. They more or less boil down to human psychology. Like you have to present options because people need options. Can't present too many options and you really want to drive them toward one like the middle option because like literally visually they like people like to go to the middle. You know I did a ton of work in the 2010s on this stuff like just live experiments on Dropbox and like we just discovered these like patterns of like how to do this in the UI. That's cool. Guess who doesn't have the foibless of humans? Like agents.
Actually what do agents want? They want more complexity. They actually want you to like, you know, like take all of the disgusting guts that go into how do you price like a compute engine, give them as many levers as they can and they will find the global optimum that matches their value equation with your value equation. And it's like actually it's like how do you go the polar opposite of work what works for humans? The terminus of this stuff to me like kind of like feels like it might trend toward aduction type of pricing where basically it's incredibly complex, incredibly low latency, incredibly data enriched and the people who do the best in those models are people who like throw the most computational power at them and kind of like have their teams who are kind of like doing all the analysis on top of Facebook or or Google or whatever. Now bring that to like every pricing decision that's happening every day for every consumer because an agent is making on your behalf. Like that world looks nothing the same. What does a pricing page even mean for an agent?
Like why do you have a pricing page? Who the hell cares? All you want is your you want to know that your agent like you set a budget on your agent. They don't overspend your budget. That's the only thing you care about. And then how they get there and how they design that and how they negotiate with like a a pricing engine on the other side. Like you actually want complexity because that gives you a lot more room to kind of find like essentially like uh market clearing prices. You could probably tell I'm in this like kind of destabilized moment right now because like I have these like years of history and I've been working on this problem for seven years, but it finally feels like actually like in the age of machines, all of the priors about our prior world, it's like very unclear which ones pertain and which ones like or which ones persist and which ones don't.
>> Hey, thanks for listening. We'll be right back after a word from our sponsors. Here's a question. When was the last time you really had time to focus on growth and not [music] chasing contract renewals, tracking shadow IT spend, or explaining rising software costs to the board? Yikes. The truth is, traditional spend management is broken.
If you're still piecing together data from five different systems just to figure out what you're actually spending while vendors keep on pushing those auto renewals and price hikes, my friend, I got a solution for you. [music] That's where Tropic comes in. Tropic is an intelligent spend management solution that consolidates your spend data and processes into [music] one unified offering, enabling insights and decisive action. It doesn't just show you where the problems are, it helps you solve them. From spotting hidden optimization opportunities like duplicative spend to automating those painful procurement workflows to giving you the best market data that turns every vendor negotiation in your favor. Tropic combines smart insights with real human expertise to keep you ahead of the curve. And I can say firsthand because I've used them for over 2 years. Their SAS platform helps me with price checks. It helps me keep my calendar organized of when renewals are coming up and I can actually visualize it. And let me say, it saves me more than 10 hours a week on vendor management. And we've [music] saved a ton on renewals. I'm walking into the boardroom with a lot more confidence.
Isn't it time to turn your spend management into your competitive advantage? Visit tropicapp.io/mosymetrics.
[music] That's tropicapp.io/mostly io/mostly metrics.
If you run go to market, you already know the problem. Your go to market data is everywhere. Ads, CRM, sales calls, marketing, spreadsheets, but you're still guessing what to [music] do next.
Hockey stack is the AI platform for modern gotomarket teams [music] that collects all your customer data and unifies it into a single system of action. [music] Then you deploy AI agents that prospect the right accounts, help reps close and upsell deals, improve forecast accuracy, and automate what's already working across sales and marketing. Instead of running 5-year-old processes manually, your go to market team finally has agents that understand your ICP, [music] your funnel, and your buying motion, and they execute on it. That's why teams like Ring Central, Outreach, Active Campaign, [music] and even Fortune 100 companies rely on Hockey Stack to cut through the noise, eliminate wasted [music] spend, and make better go to market decisions faster. That's Hockey Stack, the AI platform that helps go to market teams make space to think and win.
Here's a growth tax nobody talks about.
Every new monetization model you ship creates a nightmare for your finance team. Add usage based pricing. Now you're tracking consumption against commitments. Launch product bundles.
That's multiple performance obligations per contract. Offer midcycle upgrades.
Woo! Good luck reallocating revenue manually. But that's exactly where Right Rev shines. RightRev is the revenue recognition engine built for companies that can't afford to let accounting slow down growth. When your Revreck is automated, your product team can ship new pricing without asking finance for permission. and your sales team can close creative deals without worrying about downstream chaos. To get up on my CFO soap box for a sec, I love talking about creative pricing models, hybrid pricing, credits, tiered usage, but I've seen too many companies where the sales team is celebrating a huge quarter while finance is still trying to figure out how to recognize half of it. In a world where your pricing model might change three times next year, that flexibility is everything. If you want to scale your monetization without breaking your books, visit writereev.com.
That's right.com where modern monetization meets bulletproof accounting. So, right before this podcast started, producer Ben, who's on the line, he sent me a pricing page for Chat GPT. And literally, they have the plus on the left for $20. They have the business in the middle for $30. Then they have the pro plan for $200. On the right, they highlight the $30 one. It's in the middle and they want you to go to it. But this is like warping my brain, Scott, to think that we may be entering a world where you want more options, not less. Usually you want less options and to steer them to a preferred one. But what if there's a $33 option that would be optimized for for for for the maximum number of people?
>> So here's an interesting experiment we ran at Dropbox. So basically we were doing pricing in New Zealand, you know, because of Forex considerations like the like like say it cost $10 in the US. In Australia like the Forex equivalent was like $8.97. We ran an experiment where we ran it at like the 4x matching price which like again $8.97 let's pretend.
And then we priced it at $9.99. The $9.99 plan did way better than the $8.97. Way better. Like way beyond statistical significance. And so it's like point being that like the optics like literally $9.99 just felt better to the user and therefore they bought it and they retained better. And so like a machine's never going to make that decision. That's insane. like they're never going to be like, I this looks better to me, therefore I'm going to choose it. They're just going to choose whatever optimizes their value function.
And their value function isn't just price, but price is one element of it.
What if you add a track GPT, but you could basically choose your latency of response times and it costs 10 times more. Well, what what are you going to do as an agent? You're going to like for certain use cases that are super low latency and you know those matter, you're going to go opt for like I'm going to send this to the like hyperefficient blade, which is like way cheaper. And then for these other queries which the user really cares about accuracy. I'm going to go to this other lane. That level of complexity you could never give to a human. It's like way too much cognitive burden. For an agent, it's trivial. In fact, it actually helps them do their job better.
They crave it in some like weird sense.
That to me feels like so much more logical about how this stuff works. If you go talk to any like big scale company that's kind of consuming spot pricing on like eight EC2 instances, the amount of algorithmic complexity they put into their own like essentially logic on when to use a spot instance versus a reserved instance and how to like route workloads. It's ridiculous.
They have entire teams at data bricks that do this. Now imagine that you could have that benefit as a consumer, but it's like an agent is doing all the hard work for you. Your job is to now clearly communicate how important is this task?
What matters? Latency, correctness, blah blah blah, all these things. And that just completely flips everything about pricing and packaging on its head. And it's like kind of like more levers is better, not worse.
>> There's I guess a couple of different paths we can go down. One is like hyper transparency, a lot more complexity, giving the agents sort of the tools they need to, you know, pick the right plan and consumption and, you know, make the right trade-offs. But on the flip side, I'm almost seeing like a number of companies steer away from transparency because not being transparent gives them a lot more optionality or flexibility. I could not tell you what the difference between a Claude Max plan and a pro plan is in terms of the usage. I actually think it's different every single day or week or month or whatever. And that essentially if it's fair to the user, they're still going to upgrade for Macs, but you're not getting, you know, this radical transparency around all of the the trade-offs involved. Do you think things are actually going to go towards transparency?
>> All the things I'm saying are kind of pre presupposed that a human isn't making the decision. Like if a human's making the decision, what you're seeing is exactly what has to happen because like humans just can't handle this complexity. like it basically puts too much burden on on them and it's just literally not worth it. If the humans making the decision then the the the prior regime holds. I am just seeing a world where more and more decisions are getting made by agents maybe consciously maybe not right like Claudebot just does stuff. You know if you go ask Claude to go spin up like a basic like web application it kind of defaults to using certain technologies. Maybe it uses Forcell, maybe it uses Superbase behind the scenes, blah blah blah. What you're just seeing is the growth in the number of those databases that are getting spun up is going up by orders of magnitude.
And today, because these products and services essentially treat agents as kind of lead genen for their paid products, like it's just like they're kind of unconstrained. But that to me feels like a very point in time, like as we start to like mature in this stuff, those agents are going to like make actual economic decisions. like this app actually is going into production.
Therefore, I need like isolation and all these things and then at some point they're going to have to make a commercial decision. Now, maybe they lend that to the user as do you want like super robust? Maybe the end like the conversation that you have with your agent is like pretty coarse grain. It's like a very simple decision. What I'm imagining behind the scenes if this stuff continues on that path that at some point like the agent is going to be like give me a budget. I will promise you I will not go over this budget. And then this all this complexity kind of lives at the agent to the like service layer and they get to go do all whatever the heck they want given the constraints that they've been given. That's the part of it I'm kind of like cveting about because I just I see the trend lines. I see the like exponentials on all of these services and I'm like well if this stuff continues eventually it's going to percolate into pricing and packaging and that's where I'm like kind of interested. But to your point, I think in the short term, if humans are making decisions, the same the same principles still hold. I would say though, I'm seeing companies, they offer good, better, best, like simple pricing, but they're starting to offer hybrid like seats and then like a usage component.
They're investing a lot more in like pricing, prediction tools, budget tools.
I think you're absolutely right that simplicity with humans rules the day.
But I kind of wonder if it just takes the form of like you buy max and then that gives you a credit pool budget and then let your agent spend that budget however they want accomplishing whatever goals you might have and then the the negotiation becomes how many credits do you want to use and and then the then negotiations with you and your agent.
How should the agent spend those credits? Like what are the actual priorities for you this month in terms of how you spend these things? It's an interesting world and I can also see there being a world where the company's agent recommends products for you. So like their agent is their own salesperson and maybe they simplify the purchases or they put something together that they think is human friendly but your agent could also buy and so they have like multiple buying experiences.
Then when the agent interacts with the agent, you know, it could be an open claw. All hell breaks loose. If you work in a marketing department at a large company, you get given a budget. You're not given like here's your budget and like here's what you're allowed to spend that on. You're just given a budget and like spend it the right way and then I'm going to measure my outputs at the end of the year and say like do you get fired or do you get promoted or do you get more budget or next less budget next year? Like I kind of wonder if it kind of goes in that direction and then the budget holder in those cases some agent that you've configured. Do the products that the agent has access to? Do they offer a budget friendly way of approaching this? Right? If you're just giving like lumpsum pricing, yada yada, like is that what an agent's going to want in order to minmax their budget?
I'm pretty skeptical that that's the case.
>> A lot of this is, you know, different directions for usage based pricing because a lot a lot of these are really usage- based models and you and I, I think, have talked about and been fascinated by usage models for a while.
I think it's taken quite some time for the market to catch up. I think for the longest time, really for the last decade, companies that I worked with would tell me we can't move to a usagebased model. Our investors want predictable ARR. And now I'm hearing the opposite. A lot of companies are saying, "Hey, our investors are pushing us to move towards a usagebased model. Like, we need to do this." What's going on here? Have you have you noticed this change? It's kind of the trend that kind of caused us to to to go partner with stripe on this in the long term. There's a couple of angles to it that I think about. So one is that from first principles what is happening in the world is that we have this software maybe it's new software AI native maybe it's old software like but it's like SAS but it's being inflected by AI in some form maybe it's agents maybe it's new AI features who knows it's changing the fundamental value of software. So basically instead of your Salesforce instance the value being who in my org has linked real-time access to a source of truth and therefore the value metric is more or less how many humans have access to this stuff. Instead agent force is going and you know nominally closing deals for you or sourcing deals or whatever. The value of the software is going from like roughly system of record data access to actually the software is doing work for me. Whenever a major value prop changes inside of software, it opens the question of like should we change our business model or our commercial model alongside it. And so what is happening is like this happened in the late '9s, right?
Basically we moved from like seable onrem value prop is whatever like a unified source of truth that is available in your data center and therefore to anyone who has access to it to now software lives in the cloud. It updates over time. move to cloud open the door for seat subscription essentially subscription pricing AI is doing the exact same thing it's just saying look the value used to be access to cloud software updates all the time it gets better over time so therefore you should pay more money every year to actually the software does work for you or on your behalf and so does it's like has an economic value maybe you call it outcomes maybe you call it usage maybe you call it whatever you want to call it and then that opens the door to do we change our commercial model alongside it isn't a universal that like everyone's going to walk through that consumption door and move to pure consumption. Maybe you adopt hybrid, maybe you adopt more value aligned pricing, outcome based pricing, etc. That's like I think the macro thing that's happening in the industry and you kind of see it everywhere. The truth is if you're a large established business, changing your commercial model, it's borderline impossible. Like it's like very few companies. Seiull did not do it. It's like Sevil could not like both update their product and update their commercial model. And you could argue they should have been able to and like a lot of people did. They missed the product part and then they also missed the commercial part. What we see today is people see the product part. They're making the changes like you know Figma is becoming make and agentic. Um these companies are are making that shift. The question is can they adopt their commercial business model to fit the new paradigm and the new value aligned paradigm. And that I think is the big risk that you see. And so in Silicon Valley, the way this hap is happening is like look guys, your product value is changing. We all see that if your commercial model is like stuck in seat subscription land, you're going to get left behind and so this urgency is taking form. I think the way I've felt about it is it's like kind of a boulder teetering at the top of a hill and then the landslide has started. And then the other thing that's just true is this competitive energy where basically if your business model is on C subscription and all your competitors are doing usage. It's like such a trivial conversation in a sales cycle to be like look their value is aligned with you growing your headcount. Your goal is to shrink your headcount. This makes no sense versus mine is like we do work for you. We actually we are value aligned to shrink your headcount for you. That's like good for you, good for us. We take a cut of that. And I think that conversation like it's a game theoretically. you kind of like as soon as one player tips, everyone has to tip.
And so what you see in these especially these software mediated markets, kind of like prisoners dilemma, as soon as one person defects, everyone's dominant strategies to defect. And I just think that that's what we're seeing across the board across all software right now.
It's really hard to raise funding right now. Acquiring additional capital used to be a default, but if you're in SAS, it's not a default. And AI is freaking expensive. And so if you have a commercial model that doesn't scale with usage of your AI and you can't raise funding, how do you survive? And I think a lot of boards are kind of like pointing out that logical fallacy and basically pushing companies to move faster on this stuff than they'd feel comfortable. So the last is the FOMO trend. It's just like these AI native companies grow at rates that are frankly just like literally unbelievable. And VCs, no offense, are just like following the like exponentials and being like, well, what is true about all these businesses that have exponentials? They all have like hybrid usage consumption models. Okay, therefore, you got to go do it. And that's the the worst reason to do a thing. But I definitely think it's real.
>> Scott, what are you seeing on your end in terms of how customers and execs you you speak to think about optimization?
So I come at it from a CFO perspective, right, where you saw some things like a snowflake bill go through the roof and then you start to read in their earnings calls that this dirty O word optimization was coming up all the time.
I feel like there's going to be a second wave of that with large language models.
Even if you are pricing on an outcome basis, what are your thoughts there? A, it has to happen. I mean, you see this all the time when a new product or new commercial model comes onto a market, you kind of have this market asymmetry where basically the vendor has a lot of pricing power relative to the user. Um, because they're selling magic, right?
Especially in AI, it's like literal magic. Like it or at least feels like that way, right? So, okay, cool. How much would you pay for magic? I don't know. All my money. And and that's like really good in the short term.
Obviously, over time, the magic becomes border baseline. And so they see like the maturity of the industry kind of like starts to figure out how to price magic and then magic becomes mundane and then it's like boring and all this stuff. I look at optimization as really finding the true like price to value like clearing price. And so when you get to optimization that's when the product settles into your bones. It's like you kind of are like cool if I'm if I can afford to optimize that means I'm getting value from it. I've chosen to renew and now it's about like actually cementing long term. Your goal as a startup or as a business should be all about NR and optimization is when NR actually comes through like NR in the first year of a product life like complete BS everyone knows it and over like two to three years you start to settle into like what is our NR and that's where you start to say actually am I generating value can I repeatedly prove it to the customer etc etc etc and so to me if I was an AI company I'd be begging for the optimization phase because it means that I've like found product market fit I found a durable partner and champion, etc. It is now time for me to really align my cost of value in the like exponential phase where you're like not thinking about this stuff. I just think the incentive structure is more or less one of like exploitation and that's just a risky place to be if you if you're on the vendor side of that. Like you could easily do things that you know kill your business. It's just going to take two years for you to realize, oh by the way, I like completely overcharged my customers and etc., etc., and I'm like setting myself up for a huge churn wave in a year and then guess what? I'm a dead company. Water has to find its level. That's actually a good thing.
>> Are people doing this with each vendor individually or are there tools that are helping companies do this across vendors? Like I think with the cloud optimization wave like going back to the AWS world, people would spend tons of money on AWS and compute. It was just way way more cost- effective, more scalable, etc. But then the cloud house of the world, there were a bunch of tools that would come out there and say, "Hey, you've actually just let engineers like run up this massive compute bill." Like now's the time to go look at all this wasted spend. But generally like you adopted a third party vendor and then I think AWS and others were pulled into bringing those tools inhouse. It feels like with the OpenAI's anthropics, folks might skip the middle step, but uh but it it's always difficult to build tools that actually mean you're going to get less money in the short term from your customers. The thing that I think is weird about this phase is to remind ourselves that we're like three years into like it's like the like when did cloud optimization companies start to like actually grow and it felt like it was like 10 years into AWS or something like that and even then they weren't a major player even today like we use some of them for managing our AWS spend but we also staff it significantly inhouse and I don't feel like that tool chain is like a massive market with this AI stuff. I it's weird. I've seen I've seen the tools the low-level optimization doesn't happen because the model capabilities keep jumping and so you never have time to get to the fine grain optimization. You mostly live at the coarse grain. And the other part of it that I think is just true is that for a lot of them the person you're negotiating with like let's say it's like a model company it's like a very strategic relationship in a lot of these cases. And so yes price is one factor of it. they're in such hyperrowth that they're not even optimizing with their vendors. It's like I think there's like the desire to optimize but the capabilities keep shifting and so what it means is that people do coar grained optimization is they're taking pains to ensure they have optionality like basically like in the cloud era you didn't go like I'm going to build my infrastructure so that it could be on GCP or could be on AWS that was like way too much work for a startup to do like speaking personally in this AI world because you're kind of routing tokens you build this infrastructure on day one and I think everyone's like hyper aware of the risk of becoming too platform dependent and so they kind of have built optionality into their platforms. I would say you know eval aside I think the like objectivity of which platform is better is it's like kind of hard to establish objectivity on this stuff and so you actually need optionality both because you never know when the next emergent capability is going to come up in in one of the many models. It's not just cheaper like you know like there's a quality cost trade-off that's really really hard to quantify and so and so what I see the best companies do is they essentially just build a a complex routing layer anytime a new model comes online they like get access to it or they use a third party like you know together or whatever that lets you have access to those things and then you just build your business around well every week I'm going to like ask myself which model is best this weekend and make the switch and then AWS is like a hard platform dependency It's like unclear to me if LLMs are a particularly hard platform dependency. In fact, I think there's a lot of effort going into making sure that they are not hard in that in the same way that clouds were.
So, Figma just announced they're finally going to start enforcing their credit limits uh charge based on credits.
Credit pricing has exploded in the last year. I think it's more than double adop the adoption year on year. But CJ and I debate a lot about whether this is a long-term pricing strategy or more of a bridge to get to more kind of valuebased and usage based pricing. I'm honestly a bit torn because I I think that for every individual vendor, credits are like relatively easy to launch. They don't feel like a pricing change for your customers. They just like work quite well. But then when you're a CFO managing like multiple dozen vendors that all have credit models, maybe in the future we'll have AI agents that manage that, but for now that's just a huge headache. So like where do you think credits are going? I think it's relatively straightforward for an agent to manage this complexity like you know in fact I think the complexity is a benefit and I kind of think that's where the world is going but let's assume that the world isn't going that way. I think any individual product area is going to converge on a value metric that is more human groable than a credit. A credit is a dollar now, right? It's like it's such a tr you're setting a budget on a on a service. And then I think the interesting question goes from like is it a credit or is it not? It's more like how many dollars am I willing to spend on this like marketing service? And then what is the value that I'm getting out of that marketing service? Here's where I would maybe decouple the monetization unit or the kind of commercial unit, the credit from what I call the value unit.
Like what is the per what is the perceived value I'm getting from this this this marketing automation tool?
Generally, when we see credit models like coming up, it's usually mediated by like a human sales call. Like there's like a it's like, you know, you can buy like self-s served credits, but like the big budget is always like it's like a sales process. you're like buying a trunch of credits and I'm planning to spend them across these set of services.
That sales conversation credits is like it's like talking about dollars versus euros. It's like I don't really care about it. Like of course there's some unit of denomination. What I really care about is what is the concrete value I'm getting out of it. And so what we see the best credit based business is doing in those sales calls is really forming up like a really tight ROI like case study that justifies a credit purchase amount. It's more of a justification.
It's kind of a last mile thing versus the primary conversation. The primary conversation is which services am I using? What is the value I'm getting from those services measured in dollars or outcomes, whatever they may be, ticket resolution rates, and what is a fair market value for that? Okay, cool.
Here's the credit. Credits are like kind of like a last mile and a discount thing. It's like cool. I'm going to give you like you would be using 17,000 credits. I'm going to give you 20,000.
and I'm going to give you a 20% discount. They kind of become almost like a a negotiating tool. And for that, I think they're actually pretty useful.
The like really interesting questions um for these companies is how are they having that value conversation in with with companies and in a non salesdriven case like where you're doing a pure PLG, how are you having that value conversation across multiple products?
And that's a big open question for me.
you know, let's say you're using a marketing automation platform and it's like pure PLG self-s serve. How do you have that value conversation across multiple different products and then unify it in a credit model? That seems like a really tricky thing to do because you're trying to land a value across multiple different tools and then essentially credits are the budget mechanism and those are two separate questions like and and it's a really hard thing to do like I and and that's why we see a lot more of this uptake in these salesled motions. That's always been the friction from my perspective with credits. And I' I never had the the term to lean on that you just gave me, Scott, that it's a form of abstraction.
And because it's a form of abstraction, like, don't we all want predictability?
At the end of the day, it's like, okay, well, by introducing this credit thing, it actually makes it harder for me to predict because it's one layer further from the service that that I'm paying for.
>> Yeah. The the flip side for the vendor, I mean, obviously, is it gives you a ton of price discrimination levers. So you basically like what you see credits are pretty vendor friendly um and pretty user hostile. It takes a lot of work to get a user to understand the value in terms of credits. In a market where vendors have power, credits should take over. In a market where users have power, I think more granular value aligned. And then in a sales process, you know, the other thing credits do is they add abstraction. They add complexity. which is why sales processes you can absorb more complexity in the system whereas in PLG or self-s serve you really can't and so you kind of see very simple credit models and the more like where I see category errors is like really complex model and a PLG motion I'm like that's going to fail 100% of the time like it might work for 2 minutes or something but like it will fail over time when I look at these things on a case by case basis I always look for like the category error where you're adding complexity but you don't have a compensatory go to market like complexity resolution machine aka a sales process or something like that.
>> Credits do at the end of the day, I think, shift the risk and the relationship from the vendor to the buyer. It's a mechanism for for changing where the risk sits.
>> Yes. And what you can do is you can kind of create rollover concepts like I think credits can be made to work for you. It just require like for either party. You just requires how much you invest in it.
And so I, you know, you'll see things like, you know, you buy a million dollars upfront credits and then 100% rollover >> if you renew it a million dollars or more next year.
>> Sometimes some Yes, frequently. That's again if you have pricing power, but if you don't, like if it's like year one of your startup, like you actually see pretty generous rollover policies on these things. I think it's like in the details, but you see actually these credit models evolve a lot of complexity behind them. an interesting idea I just had. I haven't seen this, but theoretically it should exist where you basically have a credit policy where if you don't spend the whole credits, you roll over at a premium. You basically get more credits. I failed to deliver you value and you didn't see it and you didn't spend it. I'm penalized as the vendor. I actually think that's like to me logically that's a pretty consistent running business. I know I'm like now I'm going to go I'm going to go make this happen. I'm like it's it's very user friendly and it is very value aligned. If I think I am good at like delivering value to me, you should be wanting to like hit the nail on the pin.
>> Next up, it is time for our segment, Business Blenders. So, if you got any mistakes, any any whoopsy daisies, well, we want to hear them.
>> The Block is in the news for laying off 4,000 people, uh, nearly half their staff. They've focused on resetting the company and embracing AI. I've been through mass layoff before and it's usually, you know, the business blunder in and of itself, but I have to I have to give them a lot of credit. Jack Dorsey's company message in particular, I thought was very thoughtful, very well written. The policy for what they're going to do for the affected employees was actually really generous. I think the only business blunder I'd call out was the awkwardness of the all hands meeting they had on Zoom. They invited all of the affected employees and the non-affected employees to a Zoom meeting. And the New York Times reported uh that Jack Dorsey wore a black cap that said love on it. And there were just dozens of thumbs down emojis during the entire conversation. It would take a lot of guts for a CEO to do that, but that just sounds like the most awkward meeting possible. Is the zoom like v visible or is it like this is just like this is reported from external?
>> Uh so the New York Times I guess interviewed a couple people that were part of it.
>> You know I was a startup for a long time just joined Stripe. I definitely think uh there's an interesting kind of impedance match between being like a 12,000 person company and being like 150 person company where like the level of rigor that processes run through at that scale is just totally different. getting used to the meeting about a future meeting and kind of be like, "Okay, great." Um, and and what I've realized is that that's like the natural bureaucratic inertia, but that actually the most effective people inside of Stripe just don't do that. And they're basically like actually this is completely optional. No, we're just making the decision in this meeting.
Let's go. The business blunder for me was like I was like very much went with like certain flows of just like cool I guess like every decision needs to take three meetings in order to get resolved and then realizing actually no that's just like I'm doing it wrong and that actually like that same level of just like if you can get it done in Slack just get it done in Slack on Saturday.
That's like to me like my own personal like not every large company has to be held to the bureaucratic inertia.
>> Most meetings should have been an email.
Most emails should have been a slack.
Most Slacks you just shouldn't have said it. What's been wild for me is seeing some pricing conversations on Slack threads and then just seeing like a co-founder or someone in N just tell Cursor to go update the pricing page with that and you're like, "Wait, wait, we just totally made a pricing change just from a Slack conversation and like no one coded anything. It's live the same day." That that's been mind-blowing for me.
>> That's interesting. Do you think that's a is it a feature or a bug? The complexity of making pricing changes on both like the billing complexity, the operational complexity, the complexity for your customers often meant that you were way more thoughtful in making those changes. I think when you remove all the complexity, probably needs to be some other gates to make sure the decisions are are good. But like we're in a new world where uh we can make pricing changes whenever we want. Whether we should is a totally different question.
CJ, any business blenders for you?
>> Mine is short and and sweet. Uh, I funny tweet over the weekend by someone called Stay Sassy and they said, quote, "My new favorite insult is calling someone's job a Claude skill >> until Claude takes a sick day." I saw that tweet and I was like talking with my team about it. I'm like, I think this is way more true than uh than I am comfortable with. I I see myself in this tweet.
>> Yeah. [laughter] >> All right. Well, thanks for joining us, Scott. definitely thoughtprovoking about agentic pricing. I haven't really given a ton of thought to that.
>> Awesome. Well, it was fun. I hope uh hope your audience enjoys it and uh yeah, I hope you all have a great rest of your afternoon.
>> Mostly Growth is a mostly media production executive produced by Ben Hillman. That's me. Additional production by Steve Sarzolei. Nothing said on this podcast is intended to be business or investment advice. It's the sole opinion of CJ, Kyle, and Ben. Just some guys who love talking growth mostly. If you like this podcast, hit subscribe and give us five stars. It only take like two seconds and our algorithm overlords love it. Drink water, call your mom, and have a great day. [music]
