
I've hated LTV to CAC for a while because it basically
just sounds like fun with numbers.
And I think with
AI it's even less trustworthy.
Maybe this is the final nail
in the coffin.
Someone had taken a picture at the OpenAI
demo day or something.
It showed the top companies
based on token usage and went to the meme from the Big Short, like not admitting it
there, bragging about it.
What if you're just burning fuel
on creating cat pictures, right?
Hey, Ben's on the left, but.
Gaudy on the screen.
I lived in Naples, Florida.
Right behind my house is where they hold
the US championships for pickleball.
The noise on that would be so annoying.
I did not expect that private equity
had gotten into this, too.
The tipping has gotten out of control.
We seen the meme
when somebody gets heart surgery and then the doctor hands them
like the iPad.
It's like, pick your tip off.
From most of the
media. It's mostly growth.
Go to market strategist Kyle Boyer
and CFO C.J.
Gustafson share.
Smart takes on growing revenue
and running a company.
Pricing unit economics
I leadership candid insights for CEOs, CFOs and Kroes or anyone else
aspiring to climb to the C-suite.
This is mostly growth.
Hey, thanks for listening.
We'll be right back
after a word from our sponsors.
Here's a growth tax nobody talks about.
Every new monetization model you ship
creates a nightmare for your finance team.
AD usage based pricing.
Now you're tracking consumption
against commitments.
Launch product bundles.
That's multiple performance obligations
per contract offer mid-cycle upgrades.
Oh, good luck
reallocating revenue manually.
The irony is brutal.
The pricing innovations that drive growth are the same ones
that often break your finance process.
But that's exactly where Right Rev shines.
Right Rev is the revenue recognition
engine built for companies that can't afford to let accounting
slow down growth.
Here's what most people miss
and I've come to deeply appreciate.
Revenue recognition
isn't just a finance problem.
It's a go to market enabler.
When your rev rec is automated,
your product team can ship new pricing without asking finance for permission,
and your sales team can close creative deals
without worrying about downstream chaos.
To get up on my CFO soapbox for a section,
I love talking about creative pricing models, hybrid pricing
credits, tiered usage.
It's where real growth happens.
But I've seen too many companies where the sales team is celebrating
a huge quarter, while finance is still trying to figure out
how to recognize half of it.
And crying in the corner, right Rev lets you experiment with crazy
without wrecking your closed process.
And honestly, in a world
where your pricing model might change three times next year,
that flexibility is everything.
If you want to scale your monetization without breaking your books,
visit write Rev.com.
That's right
Rev.com where modern monetization means bullet bulletproof accounting.
Here's the question.
When was the last time
you really had time to focus on growth and not chasing contract renewals?
Tracking. Shadowing.
Spender explaining
rising software cost to the board.
Yikes.
The truth is,
traditional spend management is broken.
If you're still piecing together data
from five different systems just to figure out
what you're actually spending while vendors keep on pushing those auto
renewals and price hikes.
My friend, I got a solution for you.
That's where Tropic comes in.
Tropic is an intelligent spend management solution that consolidate
your spend data and processes, which is one unified offering
enabling insights and decisive action.
It doesn't just show you where
the problems are, it helps you solve them through spotting hidden optimization
opportunities like duplicative spend, automating those painful procurement
workflows to giving you the best market data that turns every vendor
negotiation in your favor.
Tropic combines smart insights, real human expertise
to keep you ahead of the curve.
Now, I can say firsthand
because I've used them for over two years.
Their SaaS platform
helps in with price checks.
It helps me keep my calendar organized when renewals are coming up
and I can actually visualize it.
And let me say, it saves me more than
ten hours a week on vendor management.
And we've saved a ton on renewals.
I'm walking into the boardroom
with a lot more confidence.
Isn't
it time to turn your spend management into your competitive advantage?
Visit Tropic app for iOS.
Mostly metrics.
That's traffic app.io/mostly metrics.
If you run go
to market, you already know the problem.
You go to market. Data is everywhere.
Ads, CRM, ads, sales
calls, marketing spreadsheets.
But you're still guessing what to do next.
Hockey stack is the AI platform for modern
go to market teams that collects all your customer data and unifies it
into a single system of action.
Then you deploy AI agents
that prospect the right accounts, help reps close and upsell deals
improve forecast accuracy, and automate what's already working across
sales and marketing.
Instead of running five year old processes
manually, you go to market.
Team finally has agents
that understand your ICP, your funnel, and your buying motion,
and they execute on it.
That's why teams like RingCentral,
outreach, Active Campaign, and even fortune 100 companies rely
on hockey stack to cut through the noise, eliminate wasted spend, and make better
go to market decisions faster.
That's hockey stack the AI platform that helps go to market
teams, makes space to think and win.
Welcome
back to another episode of Mostly Growth, the most serious podcast
for anyone who cares about startup growth.
We're back from the break, guys.
How is your Christmas and New Year's?
I'm dying inside, man.
I'm so un slept right now. UN slept?
You mean you actually were taking care
of a newborn baby?
It's more I wake up every time
my wife goes to take care of the baby.
So, you know.
She's got to be quieter.
She's gotta be quiet.
No, it's like I have three kids,
and it's like.
I think they take turns on whose turn it
is to wake up in the middle of the night.
I'm on duty for the other two
who should be sleeping.
Not the baby, but all good men.
I'm glad to be back.
Back in the back, in the seat.
Glad to hear it.
Yeah, we definitely want to cover
some potentially reliable things.
You read it 2 a.m.
and I know
you've had a lot of reading at 2 a.m..
Do I am.
I am, I'm up reading baby.
I made it to the end of the internet.
Well, now you'll just get to the AI slop.
That's like the AI generated stuff about
all the things you read the first time.
Well, on my end, I drove out to Cleveland, where my family's from,
got a massive family.
My grandma on my dad's side had ten kids
and 25 grandkids and a lot of them still live out in, rural Cleveland area,
like an hour outside of Cleveland.
And it was really funny to ask them about, and, like, tell them about what I'm doing.
I got to hear this. What? So. Whoa.
What's the dispatch from,
the Midwest family on on AI.
What are they using for my mom?
I asked her if she uses AI,
and she was like, chai chee chee.
That's what she thought ChatGPT was.
Chai chee chee.
Melissa's chai chee chee.
It's Ben's new drink.
Although, I have to say, like,
it just goes to show how bad of a name ChatGPT actually is for like, such
a popular product, such terrible name.
So my mom has, like, no idea what this is.
My dad's on ChatGPT all the time in voice
mode, like asking it everything.
It is basically his best friend and
I think he believes everything on ChatGPT is 100% accurate, so kind of goes on
the other end of the spectrum.
My sister exclusively uses it on voice
mode, but she does it in public settings.
I'm like, Christina, that's not acceptable
just to be talking to the thing she's like,
but I got the answer of, like, where are you should park or we should go to dinner.
I'm like, still.
Some of my younger cousins.
I've got some Gen Z cousins, you know,
they rock the whole baggy jeans and all that.
But, for some of them, AI is like, cool.
Like one is a real estate agent, but
he has a ChatGPT like, plus subscription.
He's like using it all the time.
He knows everything about Sam Altman.
He was like, oh yeah, I might cancel
my ChatGPT because Gemini is better.
Now with Gemini three, I'm using than open and I'm like,
what are you even using all of this for?
You're a real estate agent.
But like, there's definitely some street cred
with the younger crowd to work in tech.
Now, do you think they're much
more willing to try new things because their generation, who grew up
with tons of apps on their phone.
TikTok in high school,
Snapchat in middle school, like it's just part of life for them.
You know, I think they're just also really comfortable
creating content like remixing videos.
I've never
I actually don't have TikTok on my phone.
I've never made a TikTok video.
But like, these are people
that are just like in meme culture.
They know the latest
of everything happening.
And like all of that kind of creator stuff
is almost natural, even if they don't do it for a career.
Putting yourself out there to the generation
like after us is just so natural to them.
And I don't know if people are friendlier,
but I'm like looking back at some of this stuff.
I can't imagine not getting bullied
for these, like TikTok, things that they put out.
So all the credit to them,
maybe it's a kinder culture now.
In my day, we had dial up internet
for a while, and then I didn't really get a smartphone
until I just graduated from college.
Like my first job, I got a smartphone.
Younger generations have had it
since they were like 13 years old.
Scary times.
What do we have up first, Ben?
First up, we've got some potentially
reliable things that some of our sleeper guys smart, some of our sleeper
hosts are reading at 2 a.m..
Well, Kyle, I told you
I've been to the ends of the internet and part of this was studying up
on some stock trends.
You know, I'm not a stock picker,
but every once in a while, I'll get in there
and I'll check the performance.
What do you think is the best performing
stock of the 20 tens?
I would have to say Apple.
I mean like iPhone and AirPods
as recurring revenue.
Now iPad, all the things.
I thought it was either Apple or Google.
I'm like, no, no way. It's
not one of these two companies.
It is Domino's Pizza, Domino's Pizza.
Yeah.
So you can see Amazon, Apple, Facebook.
Domino has been
not only a steady Eddy, they've been they've been in hypergrowth mode
when it comes to their share price.
And so if you remember, they did.
This whole campaign is probably
in the 2013, 2014 timeframe, Kyle.
And it was one of the most genius
marketing campaigns ever.
They basically just said, hey, we know we
suck and we know we can do better here.
All the things were rolling out
like they completely owned it.
They basically said,
yes sir, pizza is cardboard.
We're going to make it better.
And then they came out with this repeatable playbook
for all their franchisee owners.
And it did wonders.
And they paired that
with going hard into mobile and making a mobile app
so they knew who the people were.
We've joked on the podcast before,
like Outbound Pizza producer Steve joked that he got a notification
from the Domino's app saying, hey, we have this deal for you.
So Domino's is like the most tech forward
leaning of the, fast casual restaurants,
and it shows up in their stock price.
That is impressive.
I wonder what they're trading at as like, you know, revenue multiple
or like EBITDA multiple.
Are we looking at our first, edition
of the podcast of an x axis crime?
No, I'm good dude, I'm good.
2010 2012, 2014.
So this start with with Christ back
here is what I'm saying.
Starts at the Mesopotamian times.
According to our friends
over at multiples BC, they're trading that almost for X revenue
or X revenue.
That's better than a lot of tech companies
right now.
Actually,
the median is 4.5 for tech companies.
Holy shit.
They're trading at 17 x EBITDA.
That is amazing for a services business.
Waiting for Domino's.
So on my end
I was reading about pickleball, which all of my family in Ohio is obsessed
with.
It's also like there's so many indoor pickleball places
that you can play out in Ohio.
So like it's just such an easy thing
to do in the winter.
And I didn't know until now.
It's like one of the best private equity
roleplays out there.
You guys seen this?
I lived in Naples, Florida
for the last three years, and right behind
my house is where they hold the US championships for pickleball,
and there's over 100 courts.
And so I would go over there sometimes, you know, try to get a sweat, break
some ankles with the older folk.
The noise on that would be so annoying.
I did not expect that private equity
had gotten into this.
Two there's one dude,
an American billionaire, who saw the growth of pickleball
and just kind of raced to own everything he could, and so he bought
Pickleball Central, which is like the e-commerce place to buy paddles
and everything.
He bought pickleball tournaments,
which apparently organizes, like every pickleball tournament
out there.
Anything that happens in pickleball
he's going to make money on.
Well, my mind went to first is, what's
the way that this makes money in a row?
Because it could be more
of a real estate play, right?
Like you own where the courts are
in the land that it's on.
It could be a membership play
where you're making money off of people joining a club
and the community aspect of it, and it could also be a media rights play
if he thinks it's going to be on TV.
So I work at Providence Equity Partners.
Before I went to the operator side, and one of the companies
we owned was the tennis Channel, and that was one of the best investments
they made.
So it's like, are they going
to do something or on the meteorites here.
You have to imagine
the media rights are going to be big, but part of their assets are like one of
the top media properties for pickleball.
But then like
their hands are in everything, right?
So they make money.
If more consumers are playing,
they make money off more consumers are interested
in watching pro pickleball.
Pro baseball can be streamed,
or can be sold for for broadcast TV.
Any way.
Pickleball grows,
they're going to take a cut of it.
Yeah, this is pretty genius.
And the total addressable market for
it is huge right.
It's a it's a low contact sport.
You don't have to break your ankles
doing it.
I know people probably do
somehow still get hurt playing pickleball.
But basically anybody can go out and play.
And it doesn't cost a lot to do it either.
Great business model.
Apparently the global pickleball market
was worth 2.2 billion in 2024, and it's projected
to reach over 9 billion by 2034.
So definitely a fast growing sport.
And if you can own
all of the key assets on a sport that's growing that fast,
that is some pretty good growth potential.
All right. Up.
First, we have got the next generation
of metrics for AI companies.
What are we looking at.
What are we keeping track of.
You guys help me out here.
It's a
you're a metrics I'm a metrics nerd.
We've talked a lot about r r
and how that was the lifeblood of SAS, but is somewhat meaningless
or like increasingly meaningless.
And and I world Tom tune guys recently
wrote a post saying that he thinks one of the top emerging metrics for AI companies
is going to be gross profit per token.
Did you see this?
I did, yeah, this is a cool one to say.
And by the way, I was getting ready
to reach into this drawer right here to pull out my 75 page
handwritten notebook on air.
I thought we were going to
go into that again, but I'll put it away.
You got to close that drawer,
take out all your tokens instead.
So give give people the 32nd
overview of what he was saying about about this gross profit metric.
The general idea is that, a unifying
view of AI companies is around
token consumption, right.
That's a metric that shows are people
actually using your AI product so separate from revenue?
It's more around value for the customer.
And at overall consumption,
token consumption could just be passing
through your underlying infrastructure costs with very little,
you know, additional value.
So you could just be passing
through OpenAI or anthropic tokens at a slight markup,
or you could be delivering real value above and beyond
looking at those monthly tokens.
What's the gross margin on those tokens?
That token consumption
and the gross margin per million or per billion tokens
actually correlates pretty closely with the multiples that some of these
by companies are trading for.
But why don't we care about monthly active
users mouths or daily active users DAOs, or the ratio of daily to monthly anymore
is is this like just a derivative of that?
So how in now
I think they're still have somewhat of a role to play, but that to me is more, metric that was tied to seats.
If you licensed Salesforce
for a 100 person sales org, you'd want to see how many of those sales
reps are logging in on a given day and given month,
and they're not logging in.
They might not renew those seats. Right?
Or if all of them are logging
in, maybe going to expand their seats with AI, you have, you know, much more
of a power law of consumption.
And so one person could log in for one query, another person could log in
with like hundreds of queries and like advanced AI agent use cases
that consume like a ton of tokens.
And so not all Dao are created equal.
And that's
not a really good proxy of value.
And also like looking forward,
if AI is taking on like digital labor, that would maybe otherwise
be done by people, you might not need people
logging in every day for AI to be working.
It could be increasingly working
autonomously behind the scenes.
We'd gone over this on a previous podcast,
but someone had taken a picture at the OpenAI,
whatever, demo day or something, and it showed the top 25 or top
50 companies based on token usage.
And what my mind went to is like,
why would they admit this?
Why would any company like want
to be outed that they'd spent this much?
And then I went to the
the meme from The Big Short.
Like, they're not admitting it,
they're bragging about it.
So companies are proud that they were spending
that much or consume that many tokens.
The gross profit piece,
I think, is so key here, because if you just do tokens,
you're kind of saying, look how much fuel we use, look
how crappy our mile per gallon ratio is.
And I'm driving this big truck
that's just consuming all of this.
You have to have some other
offsetting metric to show what you're getting out of it,
because you don't want to just be passing this through
and have crappy fuel.
Mileage tokens are basically fuel
consumption, right?
You want to look at how many miles
you drove for that fuel consumption.
And that's a much better metric
of of actual progress.
And one of the things I liked about this analysis, I think, you know, gross
profit per token, it's a little wonky.
It's a little hard
to compare across companies.
But one of the things I thought
was an interesting angle of this piece is this idea of historically,
sales reps have been compensated on how much recurring revenue they bring in,
like what's the IRR of a deal?
And that makes sense
if you're, you know, an 80% plus gross margin business, just comp
the rep on R.
Well, now, if some customers could be wildly
unprofitable, others could be high margin.
You're looking at reps, maybe
having some flexibility on discounting on flexible monetization models
like selling one customer, a usage based model, another one
a flat fee model.
You might be compensating reps
for really unprofitable deals.
If you just use historical
like ways of measuring rep performance.
But there's gross profit dollars
kind of calculus changes things.
You could say, hey, the rep quota is based
on gross profit dollars sold as opposed to just RR, which is going to be a much,
you know, from a CFO perspective, much better representation
of kind of the value of the business and, what
their contribution to the business is.
A lot of this reminds me of how snowflake
has historically set up their comp plans with the reps,
where it's based on how much consumption can you drive within different workflows
throughout the company.
And that's why they're famous
for not having customer success, because you have to intimately know
your customer in order to get them to actually use
and consume what you sell them.
It's not just they
sign them up for this big contract, then they never use it, right?
That's not success.
You have to find ways for them
to lean into it and consume over time.
I don't know
if snowflake looks at the gross profit associated with it,
or I know is a company.
They've made a remarkable rise.
It's often
compared to the infrastructure companies that are I today of going from sub
60% gross profit margin.
When the IPO ratio was 58 or 59%, Kyle.
And now they're over 70%, which is
remarkable for the type of work they do.
So we've got token consumption.
We've got gross profit per token
and just gross profit in general as these, you know, next generation metrics that are
more important for AI native companies.
What are some of the other new metrics
that you think are going to emerge?
I mean, you're talking about outcome
driven metrics a lot before.
And I think this is important because what if you're just burning fuel
on creating cat pictures, right.
That's not going to be a durable customer.
Hey, Ben's on the lead.
I got a real cat.
I don't mean fake pictures.
I got put gaudy on the screen.
How do you make sure that the customers
are actually getting value out of what they're doing right?
They're not just burning down the house
and spending all this money, and then they're going to churn out
the top.
I also worry about what you see
in the cloud era with optimization.
It's the O word
that all the CFOs are afraid of.
When you hear that customers are looking to optimize their cloud spend
or optimize their infrastructure spend.
So the gross profit is
is definitely a component to it.
You don't want to do the DoorDash
or the Uber thing, right?
Remember when all the capital
was in the system and Uber was basically selling a $25 taxi ride for $18?
DoorDash would deliver something
to your house for a 20% loss.
I loved the days of the VC subsidies.
I could take an Uber pool
for like $0 was great.
I think there's something here
about outcomes, but you're the expert on how to set that up.
When AI is being used,
it can be used, kind of in copilot or assistive mode, right
where it's summarizing something for you.
It's giving you ideas or recommendations, or it could work more autonomously
and own the work product.
I think outcomes are a lot easier
to measure when I own something and connect autonomously
than when it's just a copilot, but I also think the overall value
proposition to customers is way higher
if you can get to outcomes.
So I think that's an area
where we need to go, and that's going to be what unlocks
the ability to sell in to headcount budgets, for example,
as opposed to just technology budgets.
I don't think we're fully there yet as an industry outside
of maybe specific vertical AI companies.
So on most metrics, I always say that the goal of SAS metrics
historically is revenue per employee.
Kyle, do you think we'll ever measure the revenue per agent,
either as the company selling agents to another company, similar to how
you could say a rep brings in X amount and quota or or is able to drive
this much revenue for us from a profit angle
or from a productivity angle within the company
saying that we've deployed these agents, this is how much revenue
we're able to drive per agent.
If you listen to like a Jason Lumpkin,
who was recently on Lenny's podcast, he might say, hey, yeah, we're
going to replace the sales team with ten AI agents and look at the performance
of those AI agents.
I don't know if I like personally care
a whole lot of like revenue per AI agent.
But I do care about like productivity
per dollar spent, which is maybe a different way
of looking at it.
So what's the error
per dollar spent on head cow and AI agents or just general
go to market technology?
And in theory, as we invest more in AI,
we should be able to drive that productivity number up.
But I'm less concerned
if that number is going up because people are more efficient
at what they do, or we're bringing in AI agents
who are effective.
I just can't be any more productive
and having more centrally work output.
Well, that's what I was going to say.
Eventually.
It does show up in your revenue
per employee, right?
Because they're more productive.
You could increase this, you know,
productivity per dollar spent metric by either like an error per
employee metric going up.
Certainly helps.
That's kind of the,
you know, ultimate North Star.
You're also factoring
in how much you're spending on AI.
So if these AI tools
start to become really expensive but aren't driving a whole lot of results,
you could have great error per employee, but not have that efficient of a
of AI adoption internally.
So on the sales side, I know
we've beaten a dead horse with error.
We won't take that out of the drawer
right now.
But is LTV to TAC harder to measure now?
Like is that different?
Is it the same?
I've hated LTV technique for a while because it basically
just sounds like fun with numbers.
I just don't trust it ever.
Maybe for like a consumer goods product
that, you know, we've got millions of purchases
like you can model it.
But historically in SAS, if you if your net retention is above 100%,
the LTV is potentially limitless.
You also don't have a ton of data on your customers
to know what the real lifetime value is.
I just don't trust it.
And I think with
AI it's even less trustworthy.
If you were to ask an AI company what's
a lifetime value of your customer like?
I don't think that they could tell you
what that number is even like anywhere close to what that number might look like,
because no one really knows.
Well, there's the old adage, I pray
for the confidence of a seed founder with six months of selling history,
but now LTV to cap of nine.
I wish I had that confidence too.
I just think that's a metric
that I've always wanted to go away, and I think maybe this is the final nail
in the coffin.
We talked a little bit
about outcome delivery.
I do think one thing that's important
is like measuring AI quality.
And so I I've talked
to a number of companies that don't have a really good way of measuring like
the overall effectiveness of their AI.
So like they've launched AI, they maybe have different models
under the hood to take different actions.
They use certain benchmarks
to see if the AI is performing better, but those benchmarks in testing
don't necessarily line up with like,
the real world experience of users.
And so we've talked about like fixer,
for example, in the email space, fixer might have benchmarks
that say their AI quality improved, but if you're using it, you might say,
hey, this model changed.
I'm actually going to not trust the email
that they auto drafted, or I'm going to make more changes.
And so there's there's a disconnect often between like the testing in the real world
reality.
It's also hard to tell
if as AI models are getting better.
Is that translating into downstream
benefits like more usage or expansion, better retention and so on.
And so some sort of like AI quality metric
that's objective and correlates with business KPIs, I think will be the new version
of what we had called product activation.
Before for replacing
selling software with selling labor.
But it's not actually a human right.
You're going to have to measure
the quality of the outcomes at the departmental level
and the task level.
So when people talk really high
level about how do you measure quality, it's what you would measure the output of a salesperson
the same way you measure finance person.
So it's going to have to be extremely
domain specific.
I don't know how to get to a quality
metric even for humans in a company that that's the same across
all departments.
Yeah, it needs to be department specific,
and we essentially need to have performance reviews of our
AI products.
And your customers are going to be having
essentially the performance reviews.
I think a lot of customers
are going to make them more qualitative, like based on vibes.
But as a vendor, like you need something
that's a leading indicator of that before your customer tells you.
That gives you confidence
your AI is actually improving.
That's such a sage insight right there.
You should come up with the quality metric
before your users do, right?
You want to give them the whatever
the ruler is that you want them to measure the outcomes based on, because if they make it up, you're
going to be caught on your back foot, but you may not be able to defend it
anyways.
So it's
kind of like you want to lead the witness.
So this is how you should measure
the success of our product.
Exactly.
And that if that starts with measuring,
you know how your product works for your customers.
You could then also translate that to hey, this is the North Star KPI
for the product team going forward.
This is also something we're going to push out to essentially
write the RFP for our customers.
We're going to pitch the sales team on why we're better at this metric
than everyone else.
Like this can really be something
that the team rallies around.
And I know we talked to Desert Intercom.
They use this metric around
automated AI resolutions or like what percentage of your customer
support cases kind of get automated.
Think their number went from
in the 20% range to 70% or so now.
And so that's a great example of this.
But I haven't seen that kind of example
applied beyond customer support.
Have you ever had to build an ROI
calculator before?
Oh yes, oh yes.
Talk about complete bullshit.
You're asking a pricing person.
Yeah, but like these things are so laden
with assumptions, they're like black boxes.
I would say a lot of companies,
but I've built multiple ones before, and it's basically just like this cool
Excel model that you give to the engineering team to,
to put it on the website so customers can ostensibly measure the ROI on
whatever your product is delivering.
I say their best,
but like we need them more than ever now.
Well, we need them more than ever, but we also need customers
to take them seriously.
And yeah, be confident
that we're getting it.
Right, that that was the thing.
No one took them seriously.
We'd build them and it ended up being this
big book report.
Everyone was like, that's cool.
Yeah.
Everyone's like, oh, so my ERP is going
to save me $10 million over three years.
Yeah, Forrester would have these like it's a 1,700% return on investment.
You're like,
I don't even know how to do that map.
We talked about,
like the metrics change for AI companies.
But another thing I wanted to talk to you
about is how the orgs need to change.
And we talked a little bit about that
with like productivity and AI agents.
But how do you see orgs changing with AI?
So have you heard of this term forward
deployed engineer.
FTE, yet another TLA?
You know, I have heard about it
because, Palantir has been bragging about it for a while, but it seems like
it's the hottest kind of new old thing.
So Palantir was bragging about it
for a while, completely went over my head.
I'm like, this is just one of those weird, complicated things they're using to traded
80 times forward revenue.
But all the AI companies have adopted this
term.
Kyle, can I give you, like,
my layman's term finance brain?
Explanation of what the hell this is?
You can.
So if you think about a systems engineer
involved in a typical sales process, they help come up with
the technical requirements that a customer needs to say yes,
this is what good looks like.
The idea here is that AI is so flexible
in the use cases, are either so specific to that customer, or you don't even know
how you're going to solve it yet, but you think you have like these modules
that you can put stuff on top of.
You basically put engineers
at the cost of your own company into the sales process
and into these companies to help build something custom on top of whatever
you have.
It's kind of like a supercharged SE,
but it's a extremely technical resource, and they're going in and building
hand to hand with these companies.
So if you think about like integrations
you would do historically for like an ERP, you may hire, like CrossCountry or you may hire Deloitte or McKinsey
to help you implement it.
Like Accenture, they make the most money
ever off of these implementations.
You're basically doing the implementations
before you even have a signed contract.
You're doing it
to get them to buy from you.
And I think it's fundamentally going
to change how you look at how you cost out the PNL of the resources used in sales,
and also how you look at what's a successful sales process.
So do you see this as a sales
and marketing cost then, because it's deployed
before someone's a paying customer?
So glad you brought this up, because the people who are the forward
deployed engineers, they're R&D people.
But we're doing this
before we have a signed contract, and they're doing the work
to get the customer to say, yes, this is an amazing product,
and I want to keep it.
And I see some merit in it,
because at that point you've put so much effort into it.
They've already given you access
to their systems.
You've built something for them.
The retention and the success rate on
and needs is going to be high.
Yeah, like to me
it's a sales head now I'm almost like, do you even need a salesperson anymore
to ask for their business if this works?
Yeah.
Should the FTE just be the sales
rep themselves and own a quota?
I think to me, the the big distinction
that I'm still trying to figure out with these roles is are they
just a salesperson who is technical and can essentially help prototype
a solution or kind of build of the one with the customer,
or is this really an engineering role?
They're working with customers
who maybe are the first pilot customer in an industry, but whatever
they build with that customer, they're going to productize and they can
sell that to like 100 other customers.
And so in that case,
it's like an innovation and like kind of classic R&D role.
And Harry
Stebbing said the CEO of invisible Dot I, I'm, I'm interviewing their head
of finance later this week.
And the topic of forward
deployed engineers came up.
And it's kind of crazy to think that these
AI companies have these five aircraft carriers of products
that they can land anything on, and what they're going to do
is they're going to listen to what you need
and then go and build it for you.
And before I
it would be incredibly foolish to think that you're going to custom build software
for every company.
I don't know if it's doable.
I don't know if these companies
are on like the suicide mission, agreeing to custom build something for everybody
that's not scalable.
But if it's possible,
it does change the pre-sales process.
And also what what people are buying.
These are these are the same skew books
that me and you are used to.
I mean, we've all used tools
like lovable cursor Replit like we've seen this experience
of like typing into a prompt bar what we want to go build and seeing
a prototype like almost instantaneously.
Now there's still work to be done
to get that prototype into production, but you could almost think
for some of these companies, like the FTE doesn't necessarily need to be building
something that is the final production use case for the customer,
but they should be customizing the demo and the experience
so that it looks and feels hyper relevant to what the customer is trying to do.
Who's the note taking out
that we talked about on the show?
Kyle,
who they said they're behind the scenes.
They're actually just
typing out the notes. At first I yeah.
That was Firefly's.
That's
I think what a lot of companies are doing where they're taking all the information from emails
and from original like gong calls and feeding into a lovable or cursor
and coming back to me like, look, we're 80% of the way there.
We heard what he said and we built it.
Just pay us for this thing now
and then we'll actually build it.
I thought it was a funny Reddit thread
here, and it said for deployed engineers, just a fancy new name for a high paid
consultant who can code change my mind.
If that consultant is bringing
in business, it's worth it.
But I think that's
the big question is like, how do you compensate these roles
and how much of it is more classic
like salary, like an engineer?
Plus,
you know, maybe some stock based comp and then how much of it is performance
based tied to like, you know, some sort of like win rate around
when they're brought in?
If it's not a one for one swap
where salespeople are coming out and these really expensive
engineers are going in, your customer acquisition costs and your payback period
could be really high.
Kyle.
PhD's are obviously top of mind
with AI companies.
Are there other roles that you think
are going to be like the next FTE?
You start, you seem to have one in mind.
I mean, I'm still learning these roles
that we've talked before about go to market engineers to
that is a role that's been popularized by the clay team
that essentially can automate a lot of go to market
plays around sales and marketing.
I do think there's a lot of interest
in that role.
I haven't seen the a number of like jobs and hires take off,
but there's a lot of interest.
And I think some of the companies that have brought in that kind of role
are certainly seeing value from it.
So that could be another
one of these FTE concepts.
But time's, time's gonna tell.
Next up, we've got one of my favorite
segments, pricing in the Real World.
Surprised they're all my favorite segment.
I have a couple this this week.
So one of them,
I told you I was driving from Boston to Cleveland and back from Cleveland
to Boston to see my family got stuck in a snowstorm
and upstate New York on the way back, and needed to spend the night
in, the Finger Lakes region.
One thing is I was looking at pet fees.
I had my dog with me.
You would not believe
some of the pet fees at these hotels.
This one that I looked at.
I almost booked it.
And then I realized they wanted to charge
$100 per stay and $75 per day for a pet.
So $175, it's actually
going to be more expensive for the pet to stay at the hotel room
than for me to stay at it.
What did they expect
your dog to do to the room?
Your guess is as good as mine,
I swear he's well trained.
He's a small Boston terrier,
but these pet fees are getting out of hand and they're like the least
transparent things ever.
This is a website.
It's like. Bring Fido or something.
Yeah. That one.
I want to buy this website and monetize
the Legion.
I think this genius.
So that was one for me.
Another one dog related.
I noticed something when booking my dog
for a daycare recently.
There was a tipping option
for doggy daycare.
Is that like a thing?
Am I supposed to tip for doggy daycare?
It technically is a service
based business.
But you don't tip for your kid's daycare.
Do? Hell no.
But they ask for donations all the time.
I don't know what they're going to.
The tipping has gotten out of control.
We seen the meme
when somebody gets heart surgery, and then the doctor hands them
like the iPad.
It's like, pick your tip off.
It's going to ask you
a quick couple questions here.
Yeah, the dentist to everyone.
Everyone wants a tip these days.
I'm already paid 50 bucks a day
for daycare.
Apps on that one.
It's also hard to like tip
before you get the service.
That's the worst.
That's like,
it's just hard for me to know.
It's like, well, are you going to do a bad
job if I don't tip?
All right.
I had one final one
that's also inspired by this writer.
I was really thinking a lot about pricing,
on this on this trip.
The final one was thinking about Toll
Road, so I was on 90 the whole time.
You hit a lot of tolls
driving from Ohio to Boston on I-90.
I was realizing that basically toll
roads are like through the roof right now.
And part of the reason why is as people
drive more and more electric vehicles and as like gas taxes have kind of stopped
being as big of a revenue generator.
Our infrastructure needs to be paid
somehow, and folks are kind of looking at toll roads as the answer for how to
how to pay for our aging infrastructure.
That's why I take the chopper everywhere
I go.
It's just, usage
based pricing, right, Kyle?
You know,
it is based off the usage based pricing.
I actually think we need congestion
fees in cities.
Kind of like what New York did.
I love to see that in Boston.
Personally, for a while,
the toll roads came with the cost of like having to have manual people
on the toll collection.
But now that can all be automated.
Like I think they should just go in
a lot more places.
That's
what Adam Sandler's job was in Big Daddy.
He worked the toll booth.
All right, see,
do I have another business idea for you?
It's to own a toll road
so that you can make all of the profit.
Isn't it funny, though, that whenever
you're called a toll in the context of business, it's extremely negative,
like with APIs?
Oh, that's just the toll we have to pay.
Not many better businesses out there
than the toll operator.
Ben, what's this propaganda
you want to tell us about?
Oh, what do you guys think about paying?
Depending on how heavy your vehicle is
and like, how many miles you drive?
Because like C.J and his g-wagon
and driving around, it's a heavy car.
I drive a Ford Raptor. Ben. I'm not.
The podcast isn't that successful.
Yet, but.
Hey, man, you drive your raptor around.
It's heavier than my my Subaru Impreza.
That's just,
you know, daintily touching the road.
And then you're out of here.
Monster truck and over me.
I think whatever makes you pay the most
in tax, I'm in favor for.
Mostly growth is a mostly media production
executive produced by Ben Hillman.
That's me.
Nothing said on this podcast is intended
to be business or investment advice.
It's the sole opinion of CJ, Kyle and Ben.
Just some guys who love talking
growth mostly.
If you like this podcast, hit subscribe, give us five stars or hit
like the Algorithm overlords.
Thank you.
Drink water,
call your mom and have a great day!
